hello and welcome to a working with IT
blog video especially the first video
that I've done because I didn't really
do we see the need to do a video until
people have been asking a lot about the
intel SSD 9-10 series cards that we got
for our virtual project they've come to
a standstill but I'm sure you know that
anyway because i'm sure you're an avid
reader of the blog now they don't come
obviously you know just in the box there
is extra packaging that comes through
and they are initially of this little
static bag this one is listing we've got
a whale the device to move from
the individual boxes obviously and they
come initially with a half-height
bracket which is brilliant and because
that's what we will will be using I
think on our servers but also as well
they come with a full height bracket
then you can put on now we'll see
avoiding them any source static damage
and I'm gonna touch the card that's the
card itself it's not very heavy and it's
quite a good sort of a good size go your
memory Bay's pcie slot and which is
which is fantastic and it is I mean it's
cheap it's it's cheap for what it is
where you'd pay top my head five six
thousand pounds for a fusion fusion io
card possibly you know 320 gigabyte with
a with a rice speed of 135,000 I ups
with this you're looking about sort of
1500 pound 1500 pound but you are only
getting 75,000 I ups as a right speed
which you know is fine for we need to do
we're only a school you know when
we're not bank or anything and this is
very much just to just to use for the
virtual project so here we've got two
we're going to hopefully put in to our
our poweredge servers beer this is the
400 gigabyte model this that is also a
400 gigabyte model there as well we
didn't see the need of their out of
picking up picking up the a hundred
getting it comes in to 400 and 800 900
you could double the price of course for
the card I don't think the size really
changes but you can you can double the
price for that but but yeah so there you
go and these are compatible the thing
that that really drew us towards these
cars cards even not cars were that they
have a lot of driver support you know
they are ran under linux as well which
is fantastic because of courses well you
know hypervisor set on a Linux operating
system um and of course you were you
want that it comes yet compares
compatibility is windows servers windows
seven Suzy linux and red hat linux the
reason why we've come to a stop on ours
is we're using a zend server now
xenserver as you probably know holds
them sent OS as the underlying operating
system so we are having trouble to
drivers at the moment I haven't really
spent too much time on that and if you
may find that Suzy and bread have their
drivers work where there's gonna be a
lot of playing around to try and get
them to work so I mean if you have any
sort of information on that please leave
a comment and and let me know definitely
let me know and if you found this
video's any other means other than
finding on my blog please have a look at
my blog it was like anxiety go to ebay
and in this block you could find tools
general information of
what we're looking to do the school you
know we're looking to go virgin you've
got we're out our journeys begun with
our own without think line whilst they
think like it's more of a fact line I'm
not really using the think line boxes
such as tenzig however you know this is
all outlined in my blog so so please log
on and let me know what you think thank
you for watching the video
you